ah
while some young people waste
their lives in gangs there are others that
they take advantage of their youth to plant
hope as these boys in velar
to the freedom that has set in motion a
papaya cultivation
edwin before he walked on crooked roads
but today through this activity
managed to get away from the vices and gangs
for talking to the gangs they will send
the attention of the drug user
now how do you feel you are doing
something productive I feel good and it's
greater about which the project much
here to give some friendly contours with
we all work and there we go teaching
ahead
Fernan is also an engineer
industrial but in the absence of work in
this branch decided to join the
project our idea is to export this
papaya to know what we had young
we have the intention to take
to the country forward and in a few words
we are working a group of young people
a little bit big I take care of the papaya a
special care since it is sown there
to be on top and one caring
fumigating and it's a special neck that
you have and you have to spend it money too
enough to drink after harvesting
wine does not harvest anything every day
they come to take care of their source of income
they have been lucky every week
they cut about two thousand papayas that are
sold in the main markets of
the capital plus we contribute 10 quintals and
we hope that every week we go
cutting more quintales we hope to sell
to people or industries
factories that distribute papaya or fruit
in the country and this is making a
we have 12 posts to this story serve
of motivation for young people who do not
bring anything productive to the country as
these guys show us that the
want is power
young example for society that a
they started this project and today
they are seeing their fruits in the hacienda
Melara of freedom
atilio urías code 21